Hi, everybody.
This week, I visited a
community college
in Florida, where I spoke
with students about what
we need to do to make sure
our economy rewards the
hard work of
every American.
More specifically, I spoke
about making sure our
economy rewards the
hard work of women.
Today, women make up about
half of our workforce,
and more than half of our
college graduates.
More women are now their
families'
main breadwinner than ever before.
But in a lot of ways, our
economy hasn't caught
up to this new reality yet.
On average, a woman still
earns just 77 cents
for every dollar a man does.
And too many women face
outdated workplace
policies that hold them
back - which in turn holds
back our families and
our entire economy.
A woman deserves to earn
equal pay for equal work,
and paid leave that lets
you take a day off
to care for a sick
child or parent.
Congress needs to act
on these priorities.
And when women hold
most lower-wage jobs
in America, Congress needs to
raise the minimum wage.
Because no woman who works
full-time should
ever have to raise her
children in poverty.
Now, the good news is that
in the year since
I first called on Congress to
raise the minimum wage,
six states have passed
laws to raise theirs.
More states, counties,
and cities are working
to raise their minimum
wages as we speak.
Small businesses like
St. Louis-based
Pi Pizzeria, are raising
their wages too -
not out of charity, but because
it's good for business.
And by the way, Pi makes
a really good pizza.
And in this year of
action, I signed an
executive order requiring
federal contractors to pay
their employees a fair
wage of at least ten
dollars and ten
cents an hour.
But if we're truly going
to reward the hard work
of every American, Congress
needs to join the rest
of the country and pass a
bill that would lift the
federal minimum wage to
ten dollars
and ten cents an hour.
But if we're truly going
to reward the hard work
of every American, Congress
needs to join the rest
of the country and pass a
bill that would lift the
federal minimum wage to
ten dollars
and ten cents an hour.
This wouldn't just raise
wages for minimum wage
workers - its effects
would lift wages for
nearly 28 million
Americans
across this country.
It will give businesses
more customers with more
money to spend, and grow
the economy for everybody.
So call up your Member of
Congress
and let them know it's time for "ten-ten."
It's time to give
America a raise.
A true opportunity agenda
is one that works
for working women.
Because when women
succeed, America succeeds.
We do better when everyone
participates, and when
everyone who works hard
has the chance to get ahead.
That's what opportunity
means -
and it's why I'll keep fighting
to restore it.
Thanks, everybody, and
have a great weekend.